that should be welcome to mine now
favorite video so this morning trans
update out like I did in the last one
video winter they came the guns
already out we will be the same
still updating from 12 to 13 times like it
looks like company can now off and
for the clear there is now quite whole
new things by just petty war
which starts also wins with it one comes
so to speak, benefits and or ep
and if you have enough then you get
because of special causes such as that
has been waiting for troops ever since
or that you have extra space
has war booty that you see everything
You can also see the banner clearly
doing better has a lot more
Choices like there were here
we can see here you can just
to adjust
depending on how you want us to stay that way
but at the old condom web banner
Okay, so let's get started
can pick
I think that interests you all
me of course also markus lewe
7 podium halt million gold so
already normal seven days really the
click to the luxury by 67 in any case
if the damage is increased by 12 they became
do not have 100 ml hit points now
so bad so instead of
worse updates and clear them
were more expensive and therefore say now
firma just the gold stock on
and then we just take off all and
maybe we can still reach 148 7 days
as I said a long time
and that is why they say about the one
a little bit off or group the
OÖNachrichten
Incidentally, it was just 3,000 to 4,000
I had known my first time
the annoyed here loses 39 percent of
prosperity important but nothing happens
By the way, or you wanted me to have you
yes I offered the next few
make videos about both coaches like me
best player in the world became like me
the maximum base in the chamber theater
and that's why I thought so
a next two weeks time increases
a series of it as I say now
got a maximum base because of me
yes not over 1000 euro instead of wild
play but doctor 300 himself
put has the most to
not fully understand now
can be brought out as soon as the video
I have and yes then I would say
Let's start with the doctors without having to
update data therefore has the pure middle 777
ep i got that good if you can
as this is times I find comparison
actually the old cannon is relatively cold
was the man of the grade of her due 148
join for the first time
so you can still quickly from here
and then let's see how it so
looks
Well , honestly, I think that
I like the old channels
Somehow more of a cannon
keep that up and now will be too
another audio file somehow you
I just realized what was happening in there
mosbach
and if we are just normal now
continue as I said I think the
thirteen cannons do not even like that
server no honey found in the twelve cannon
but a little better but
now look in the 13 cannon so in
the defense is video then comes
Of course, soon with one
be description I do not know if I am
I would have said it on everyone
case that I just now if only
once more
and yes do that and then the
last cannon is playing at level 13
then another, and what one can already
with 20,000 has tasted all the fun
I do not really know yet
worth it so I would have as their
a bit warm and does not look directly
since then gem
and yes, in any case, let me yours
comments to know what are you doing now by
the 13th
Hold if you find her better than her
twelve of the design, first of all, whether you
now so big difference whether
defense we will do then
look good that was it actually now
failed even for the video shop
let me in any case as I said in
comments know what you are from the
cannon and what I also rather
generally switched off because the 50th
with the clowns but relatively cool that
you can now make your own logo
can and that's just there with level
ascend that's about it really
also enough until next time